Gojo-kun...
Do I... actually look like Shizuku-tan?
Yes! You're the perfect Shizuku-tan, Kitagawa-san!
Right? I know, right? Right?!
Gojo-kun, you're awesome! I'm totally Shizuku-tan right now!
Yes!
You're totally Shizuku-tan right now!
Oh, but how's it fit?
Is it too tight anywhere?
It fits perfectly! But it might be a little hard to move around.
I can't raise my arm much, but that's totally fine!
Oh, right... When I'm making clothes for people,
I have to consider both comfort and mobility.
But, more importantly!
I still can't believe you got this boob bag down perfectly!
I had no idea it could be made this perfect!
I can't believe it! It's perfect!
The skirt is, like, the perfect length. You totally get it.
The little peek at Shizuku-tan's garters from underneath her tulle is adorable,
and you even got that down!
Gojo-kun, you're a god!
Th-Thank you very much.
I'm flattered, but I still have a long ways to go.
I'm actually Shizuku-tan right now. I seriously couldn't be happier.
I can't right now. Like, seriously.
Wait, what?! I can't! This is so perfect that I seriously can't right now!
I just?! What?! For real?!
I'm getting so excited! I'm going to lose it!
K-Kitagawa-san, calm down.
Oh, yeah! Photos!
I want to take some pics! Take them for me!
Um, let's see...
Okay, here we go.
Did you get it?
Let me see! How fierce do I look?
Oh, excellent.
But, you know...
This just looks like you, Kitagawa-san.
What's wrong with that? It's sorta hilarious.
Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls— The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2
Well, since you're cosplaying, maybe you should pose more like Shizuku-tan would.
And this room isn't a great backdrop for making it seem like you're from that world.
Gojo-kun, how about over here?
The background will look white over here.
Okay, make sure you act like Shizuku-tan this time.
Gotcha!
Wait, my bad!
God, I'm ugly!
Nope, I can't! How could I not smile right now?!
This smile's not going anywhere. I'm so happy right now I could die!
Wait, no. I promise I'll be mega serious.
I'll do it right, so take it one more time.
O-Okay.
Okay.
Ready, and...
How was that one? Did we get it?
Yes! You're Shizuku-tan in this one.
For real?
Yes! Let's keep going like this.
Okay!
Looking good! You've got her pose down completely!
Yes! Just like that!
You are Shizuku-tan!
Now, look right at the camera.
That expression... is when Shizuku-tan and the protagonist first... Magnificent!
Do you think that's enough?
Thanks! Let me see!
They look great! I'm psyched!
I'm gonna create an account and upload these, like, right now.
You're uploading them already?
Yup. Actually, I hadn't thought of a cosplay name yet.
Ma Create an Account Phone number or Email
Ma... Ma... Ma... I guess we can go with Marine.
Mari Marine
Post Shizuku-tan Cosplay~ ♥♥
#SlipperyGirl #SlipperyGirls #SlipperyGirlsCosplay
Holy crap, these are too cute!
I can't even right now.
Hey, Gojo-kun.
Yes?
Why don't we just go to tomorrow's cosplay event?
Huh?
I suddenly wanna go.
Let's go, Gojo-kun!
Episode 5
It's Probably Because This Is the Best Boob Bag Here
Oh... Oh, my God...
Cosplay events are amazing!
There are cosplayers everywhere!
Hey, that's Mami-tan! She's totally adorbs!
Wait, is that Soji and Ryoma-kun?!
Lancelot and Kenshin! Even Leo-sama!
And over there, I see Cirque and Soleil! Squee! I'm so hype!
R-Right...
And right now... I'm finally making my cosplay debut!
I'm so happy right now. This is the best.
Thank you so much, Gojo-kun!
Gojo-kun?
What's wrong?
Oh, it's just, um... Th-There are just so many ladies around, I just...
don't feel like I should be here.
I can't calm down.
Seriously?
A-Also, I feel like everyone's looking at us.
You're right...
Oh, I know!
I think everyone's just in awe of this outfit!
It's super adorbs!
No, I think it's because I don't belong here.
I mean, these are my casual clothes...
What? And what's wrong with that?
That's like totally your style. It's fine.
Right... And let's not forget...
It's probably because this is the best boob bag here!
We've got everyone beat!
Kitagawa-san! Please stop lifting them up like that!
But if you're feeling anxious down here, let's go up to the plaza.
I think there were some photographers and guys up there.
Sorry about this...
Everything's super chill up here. Nice.
I feel a little calmer up here.
Ooh, Vanessa-sama!
She's so cute! And check out her huge rack!
I'm gonna get in line to get her pic, too!
Excuse me.
Do you mind if I get some pictures?
Huh?
Wait, are you talking to me?!
Yes. You're cosplaying as Kuroe Shizuku from "Slippery Girls 2," right?
Yes! I'm Shizuku-tan!
Oh... do you not do photoshoots?
No, it's totally fine!
Actually, I'd love for you to take some!
I'd be happy to.
Could I get a pose, please?
Sure.
Oh, whoa.
That's super cute.
Thank you so much.
Oh, no. Thank you!
Oh, hey. Could I get a picture with you, too?
Huh?!
It's a special occasion!
Okay, I'm gonna take the picture.
SLOW-MO    VIDEO    PHOTO    PORTRAIT    PANO
Hey, you can come closer.
O-Okay...
Thank you so much! You made my day!
Excuse me, could I get some photos, too?
Sure, of course.
When did she end up with a line?
Could I get a pose?
Good. She's looking like Shizuku-tan.
That person's in drag.
I guess there were a lot of girls-as-guys and vice versa down below.
I see... They're cosplaying their favorite characters.
That's why they can have so much fun so freely.
This is... nice.
I'm so happy that Kitagawa-san seems like she's having fun, too.
And that I was able to keep my promise.
Will you make me a cosplay outfit?
Oh, right. I fulfilled my promise.
So I guess hanging out with Kitagawa-san like this...
ends today.
Kitagawa-san...
I don't have any friends and was always alone,
so she was someone I'd never gotten to talk to before.
Going somewhere after school with a friend,
meeting up on our days off...
Spending time like that with someone was...
These were all firsts for me.
This almost doesn't seem real.
It was so much fun.
Huh?
Huh?!
K-Kitagawa-san...
Gojo-kun!
Y-Yes?!
Thank goodness.
I thought you disappeared on me and I panicked.
So... So, hey...
My...
clothes are about to come off!
Say what, now?
They're about to come off?
What part's not working for you?
Last night, I was looking at the photos you took of me.
Wait...
Aren't Shizuku-tan's boobs bigger?
So, today...
I wore two NuBras and...
My chest is literally about to burst.
Of course it is!
I made that to fit you perfectly, so there wasn't room for a NuBra,
and I mean, you're talking about the chest size of a game character.
Also, it's really stuffy under this wig...
The outfit itself is just... so hot...
Holy crap... I'm gonna die.
Of course. Because I picked the thicker fabric...
I'm so sorry! This is all my fault!
Let's go somewhere you can cool off!
That's so good. Thanks, Gojo-kun.
It's fine. Do you think you can make it to the changing room?
Sorry, nope.
I can't move.
We should've been prepare to deal with the heat.
I'm so sorry.
That feels so good!
You should also cool off your neck, underarms and any place with a major artery.
'Kay.
Here's a towel. Go ahead and wipe off any sweat.
Thanks.
Yikes, look at all this sweat.
I don't think I even sweat this much in PE.
Wearing black fabric makes it worse.
Double NuBras are too powerful.
I'll see what else we can do to help!
Thanks.
Heatstroke is no joke, so we'd better be careful.
Oh, I found... something...
Remove clothing, or loosen belts, neckties, bras, or underwear to help let the heat escape from your body.
For real?
Could you unzip me, then?
Huh?!
It doesn't have to be all the way, my dude. I can't be too revealing, anyway.
Just unzip it a little.
L-Let's at least get you to the dressing room!
Right. Kitagawa-san can't move right now.
She seems to be having a really rough time.
This is...
no time for me to be panicking.
Please excuse me.
Holy crap! It's so much cooler now that my back's unzipped.
Ugh, but seriously, my panties are drenched with sweat.
I should've brought another pair.
Gojo-kun, could you wipe down my back?
S-Sure...
Don't panic.
Please excuse me.
I-I'm going to wipe.
Oh, crap...
Gojo-kun, could you go a little lower, too?
L-Lower? L-Like here?
Yeah, there. Ooh, right there... That feels so good.
Oh, wow. Ah... There, more.
K-Kitagawa-san, please keep your voice down.
What if someone sees us?
Yeah, that's not happening. Not to mention, it's not like I'm trying to be heard.
Oh, yeah.
It's all stuffy inside my skirt.
Gojo-kun, could you hand me the towel?
S-Someone might see down there!
You don't need to worry about that.
Cosplayers! Please try to avoid any accidental exposure!
U-Underwear?!
Showing too much skin or wearing what may be mistaken as underwear is prohibited. Please make sure to wear some kind of covering like a bodysuit to prevent exposure.
Please ask before taking photos
Taking photos without permission is prohibited
I'm wearing shorts.
I-I see.
Kitagawa-san, did you write those yourself?
This?
Well, if I'm gonna be Shizuku-tan, I figured I should go all out.
I-I see...
This should help reinforce it.
Thanks.
A sewing machine would be able to make a stronger stitch, but...
Yeah. We should probably head home for today.
Yes. I'm worried about how you're feeling.
Sorry, Gojo-kun. Could we go back to the plaza again?
It'll only take a second.
Hey, Miss!
Oh, you're the Shizuku cosplayer.
Sorry for running off like that earlier.
I got dizzy from being too hot.
Are you okay?!
I'm actually heading home now, but I felt bad for bailing on you earlier,
so I wanted to meet with you before I left.
Oh, you didn't have to...
Then could I just get one shot in the shade?
Sure!
This will be the last one.
Could I get you to look at the camera?
IIII IIII IIII II
Oh, crap!
Don't worry! I'll delete those immediately!
I don't blame you.
I wasn't looking at the camera at all.
What?!
Could we possibly try that again?
That's what she's worried about...
I'm glad there's room to sit.
Thankfully, the train isn't crowded.
Great job today, Gojo-kun.
I guess it's summer already.
Yes.
I'm jumping into the shower as soon as I get home.
Kitagawa-san.
Thank you so much.
Things got a bit rough at times, but this was a great experience.
I really had a lot of fun!
Me, too.
I had so much fun.
Thanks, Gojo-kun.
What should we do for my next cosplay?
Huh?
My next cosplay.
Huh? Wait, what?!
Y-You mean it's not just Shizuku-tan?
Of course not! I have at least fifty number one favorite characters!
What does the "one" even mean, then?
What should I do? I still wanna cosplay Shizuku-tan more, too.
There are so many cosplays I wanna do, but I only have one body.
What's this?
Gojo-kun, you seem super happy right now.
Or am I imagining it?
Huh?! No, I, uh, I-I wasn't...
What is it, then? Tell me.
So, um...
I still lack the proper experience, but I look forward to working with you again!
Yeah, for sure.
Um, I'm going to buy a dress mannequin. It was a bit hard to work without one.
Nice! Sounds like a plan! Actually, I'll buy it for you.
Can you buy those online?
Oh, I found one. How about this?
You can take a nap if you're tired, Gojo-kun.
Uh, sure. Sorry...
I had so much fun thanks to you, Gojo-kun.
Actually, everyone seemed like they were having so much fun that it was insane.
It's way too amazing that everyone there was just doing what they loved.
I was so hyped just being there.
It can be a hobby, or really, anything else,
but I absolutely love when people have fun doing what they love.
It's like they're sparkling.
Man, I wanna go to more events.
I didn't even get to take any pictures with the other cosplayers.
I'm gonna take a ton next time!
Oh, yeah!
The person who was cosplaying as Leo-sama from "Seven BFs"
in the lower plaza was super gorgeous.
How can they be so beautiful without a filter? Like, how's that fair?
Right...
Kitagawa-san, you were very beautiful.
Ever since then, the word "beautiful"
became associated with very special things to me.
So I just can't say "pretty" or "beautiful" unless I absolutely feel it from the heart.
Huh?
Huh...?
Episode 6
For Real?!
Next time.